[Applause]
especially addressing show tonight Aaron
Paul and Howard Stern are here tonight
Pinkman and Fartman are here tonight but
first the king of social media our
tangerine Twitter machine
Donald Jemima Trump had a another
action-packed day the whistles are
blowing that witches are hunting but the
president just keeps going he this is
his official schedule per day you can
look up his schedule every day and had
this is it at 3:15 he signed executive
orders on transparency and federal
guidance and enforcement and that was it
that was all otherwise just yelling and
tweeting and touching himself to Sean
Hannity I guess Trump is handling this
impeachment crisis about as well as you
would expect which is badly very very
badly definitely woke up on the wrong
side of the tanning bed this morning he
started with the do-nothing Democrats
are con artists only looking to hurt the
Republican Party and president this
so-called whistleblower before knowing I
was going to release this exact
transcript stated that my call with the
president was crazy frightening and
completely lagging his substance related
to national security this is a very big
lie read the transcript we did read the
transcript then that's that's why you're
in this mess in the first place
sarva coming so fast he even misspelled
one of his favorite words total scam by
the do-nothing Democrats for the good of
the country this works hunt this is he's
right this is a total war on disease and
you are Vladimir Putin's birch - Wow he
says The Whistleblower owes him an
apology
he said the whistleblowers lawyer he
said is a big Democrat which you know
was was a big Democrat Donald Trump like
12 years ago the president he didn't
find time to put out a statement about
the mess he made in Syria after
inexplicably pulling our troops out of
Syria leaving our allies the Kurds to
fend for themselves the Turks to the
surprise of no one immediately attacked
the Kurds and this how the president
responded this morning turkey a NATO
member invaded Syria the United States
has not endorsed this attack and has
made it clear to Turkey that this
operation is a bad idea abet a bad I was
it the emoji movie was a bad idea
this is the beginning of a massacre that
he caused even his Republican sycophants
are furious that he would do this to our
allies they released a bipartisan
condemnation today some believe that the
problem is there's no one remaining in
the administration to protect the
president from his own ideas the adults
have either left or been escorted from
the room his daughter and son-in-law are
really the only ones who stuck is it's
like a family-run pizzeria now Trump is
relying solely on his instincts every
you know every meeting that he waives a
KFC drumstick in the air and that
decides if things are finger-licking
good or finger looking bad
and of course he does always have the
guidance in support of the mega 8-ball
the question sir was what did you want
president Solinsky to do about president
Vice President Biden and his son hunter
[Laughter]
the whole thing is a scam that's right
House Democrats today announcing the
they're gonna continue with this scam
there and will issue more subpoenas for
Trump to obstruct Trump and his allies
in Congress they've decided that given
how guilty he obviously is the best
route forward is to stonewall the
investigation which you know which means
he finally built a wall a big beautiful
stone wall but unfortunately Democrats
don't have any strong options if the
administration decides to just ignore
the law they could go to the courts but
that takes forever so instead they're
just saying these actions are
obstruction of justice which is an
impeachable offense so basically they're
saying give us the evidence to impeach
you or we will impeach you Joe Biden
today for the first time said he
believes Trump should be impeached and
good for him Joe by today Joe Biden let
the world know that if you come after
his family he will wait three weeks
formulate a response and then he will
come after you with guns a-blazing but
he did
all forums for people it is such a weird
place where in that politician have to
call for Trump's impeachment the guy is
he's drawing in sharpie on weather maps
is extorting our allies he's in bed with
Putin he's obstructing Congress calling
for him to be impeached it's like if
there was a rat sitting in the middle of
your pizza and you call for it to be
removed but meanwhile as her husband
tries to dig up dirt on his opponents
the first lady is building a tennis
pavilion on the White House lawn for
real as if they're gonna be there to
enjoy it there she is breaking ground in
her most rugged pair of construction
stilettos
she's definitely digging an escape
tunnel right I mean tennis pavilion
that's either an escape tunnel or a
shallow grave out one of the I loved it
with all this chaos going on Melania
thought I would build a tennis pavilion
and so now once that's built all guests
of the White House will have a front-row
seat to this
[Applause]
it's John big McEnroe its Billie Jean
Burger King its Roger well Federer we
have a great show free night hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel an evil wizard has trapped
me inside this YouTube video click
subscribe to help me escape